Hello! The project is generally focused on how different courses and tasks in physics,
in a physics bachelor and computational physics master programme,
leads to the development of programming skills, strategies and values.
This part of the project. Involves? Interviewing... You about your! Experiences taking physics,
mathematics and programming courses and writing your master's thesis.
I'd like to audio and video record these interviews through Zoom.
I'd also like to do a separate audio recording as a backup.
I'd also like to collect your master's thesis and code,
as well as reports and code from the relevant project-based courses.
These data will be held strictly confidential.
Only I, the research team and data processors, like transcribers,
will have access to them.
They'll then be stored on a secure server or encrypted computer during the study.
We'll eventually transcribe them and replace your names with pseudonyms,
so that you will not be identifiable in any results from the study.
At the end of the study, in 2028, the latest, the recordings will be deleted.
It's completely voluntary to participate and you can withdraw your consent at any time.
Whether you choose to participate will have no effect on your grade for your thesis
or any course you take here at UAL.
Hello, my name is Carl Henrik.
I'm doing a PhD in physics education research here at UAL.
Today I'll ask you some questions about your experiences with computation and programming during your studies.
Some questions will be about the types of activities you have done or skills you have acquired.
Others will be about your opinions and preferences when it comes to computation and programming.
Please tell me as much as you can about the questions I'm going to ask.
Even if you don't care about programming or didn't do much computation during your studies,
I want to know as much as possible about what you know and what you think about it.
We'll start by talking a little bit about your background.
After that, we'll go in depth on how you use programming during your thesis work.
Finally, we'll talk about your experiences with computation during your bachelor's and master's courses.
Do you have any questions before we start?